mgr/dashboard: Add i18n validation script (#25179)
ceph/ceph: src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/HACKING.rst

When the command ran successfully, it should have created or updated the file
``src/locale/messages.xlf``.

> To make sure this file is always updated in master we have created a script,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure this file is always up to date in the master branch, we have created a script
```

Author: Done.

> ``run-frontend-i18n.sh``, that when executed will fail if it finds uncommited

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``run-frontend-i18n.sh``, that when executed will fail if it finds uncommitted
```

> ``run-frontend-i18n.sh``, that when executed will fail if it finds uncommitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``run-frontend-i18n.sh`` that will fail if it finds uncommitted translations.
```

Author: Done.
